docs/docs/setup/integrations.md, before:

---
id: integrations
---

# Integrations

## ClamAV

ClamAV is used to scan shares for malicious files and remove them if found.

Please note that ClamAV needs a lot of [resources](https://docs.clamav.net/manual/Installing/Docker.html#memory-ram-requirements).

### Docker

If you are already running ClamAV elsewhere, you can specify the `CLAMAV_HOST` environment variable to point to that instance.

Else you have to add the ClamAV container to the Pingvin Share Docker Compose stack:

1. Add the ClamAV container to the Docker Compose stack and start the container.

```diff
services:
  pingvin-share:
    image: stonith404/pingvin-share
    ...
+   depends_on:
+     clamav:
+       condition: service_healthy

+  clamav:
+    restart: unless-stopped
+    image: clamav/clamav

```

2. Docker will wait for ClamAV to start before starting Pingvin Share. This may take a minute or two.
3. The Pingvin Share logs should now log "ClamAV is active"

### Stand-Alone

1. Install ClamAV
2. Specify the `CLAMAV_HOST` environment variable for the backend and restart the Pingvin Share backend.

Commit message:

Rebrand pingvin-share to tinkerme-share
Complete rebrand of the project including:
- Package names in all package.json files
- Docker image references (ghcr.io/tinkermesomething/tinkerme-share)
- Service names in docker-compose files
- Database filename (pingvin-share.db -> tinkerme-share.db)
- All UI text and branding in 29 translation files
- Documentation URLs and references
- Config file examples
- PWA manifest
- Docker internal user/group names

Preserved attribution to original author stonith404 in:
- README.md credits section
- Footer component (link to original repo)
- Admin intro page (acknowledgment)
- CHANGELOG.md (full history unchanged)
- docs/introduction.md (fork note)

Added MIGRATING.md for existing Pingvin Share users.
Removed FUNDING.yml (pointed to original author's sponsors).

docs/docs/setup/integrations.md, after:

---
id: integrations
---

# Integrations

## ClamAV

ClamAV is used to scan shares for malicious files and remove them if found.

Please note that ClamAV needs a lot of [resources](https://docs.clamav.net/manual/Installing/Docker.html#memory-ram-requirements).

### Docker

If you are already running ClamAV elsewhere, you can specify the `CLAMAV_HOST` environment variable to point to that instance.

Else you have to add the ClamAV container to the Tinkerme Share Docker Compose stack:

1. Add the ClamAV container to the Docker Compose stack and start the container.

```diff
services:
  tinkerme-share:
    image: tinkermesomething/tinkerme-share
    ...
+   depends_on:
+     clamav:
+       condition: service_healthy

+  clamav:
+    restart: unless-stopped
+    image: clamav/clamav

```

2. Docker will wait for ClamAV to start before starting Tinkerme Share. This may take a minute or two.
3. The Tinkerme Share logs should now log "ClamAV is active"

### Stand-Alone

1. Install ClamAV
2. Specify the `CLAMAV_HOST` environment variable for the backend and restart the Tinkerme Share backend.
